will folks this is going to be lively
crazy today we got 58 people sixty
people watching live already a rolling
in
there's a lot of excitement for this one
will get to the questions at the end
feel free to post your questions in the
chat window there you use a forward
slash you and then put your question
it'll get tagged as a question and like
I say we will get to them and so we
don't interrupt the flow of things so
getting ourselves started here welcome
welcome everybody my name's mark Isaacs
in an instructor and you just published
my fifth course recently it is one that
I think actually people will be
interested in here you can find the
replay of this is gonna be put up on my
website later on I just posted the link
in there it's a little bit to show up in
the chat window but you'll be able to
find the replay there there you go you
got the link and you find my courses are
available there I put a special discount
on the latest course that I released its
build your personal brand by becoming
great interviewer and that's what I'm
doing with these lab tests here that's
part of what I got going on with these
things so you can check out my website
for my courses in once the replay is
ready
posted up on my site along with links
that Mark has put in here and overtime
I'll have transcripts in session notes
and all that good kindest
there so enough about me let me tell you
a bit about mark mark is veteran iOS and
Android developer having published over
mobile apps today he is also a longtime
game developer and he worked on Call of
Duty ghosts in addition to many other
mobile games
in addition to professional programming
mark is an accomplished teacher
technology having taught at a coating
boot camp and is now teaching full time
is an online instructor with multiple
successful development courses when Mark
isn't coding or teaching he is spending
time with his wife and four children so
welcome to the show mark want to go
ahead in dealing with any other readings
in self introduction to do
sure well for the for the record in the
future listen to this later I'll be
having a kid on Saturday so that number
will go up regulations good stuff
working full time you to me now and life
is good very good very good I know
there's a lot of excitement having you
here and the show and people want to get
right to the good stuff I'm sure but I
always like to make sure that people get
a chance to get a little bit of the
backstory on people before we live since
that so what you said you did some stuff
experience with teaching at a coating
tell us about some of the stuff that you
done with your program your prior
teaching experience yeah I did it was
called coating campus fantastic people
really great experience and I was I was
there and I was developing curriculum
for iOS four angular teaching
development iOS development and I
realize that I had the ability to help
people change their lives through on
through education and we started to
promote education online many people
from all over the world and I realize I
was good at it but I also realized I
wanted to I wanted to money doing it
just realized I forgot to turn on my
stop talking so anyway I talked for a
while and then I heard you know me from
another successful instructor who lives
here in Utah as well and I saw him on
his story on the news and I was like
what is you to me and so I looked it up
and I was like this is what I gotta do
and so I just went to the ground and
released thirty five hour course and it
took us back story nice people off a
little bit I know you're just dying to
hear some tell us so successful in my
promise we'll get to it so you mentioned
that you had done some applications of
us a little bit about some of the types
of applications you develop in
sure well back in 2007 I was a manager
business manager drug testing company
and basically people would go to prison
and then they'd get out these are
harmless criminals and they had to drug
test in order to stay out of prison and
so we take like three thousand dollars
in a day we're all riding this by hand
and I was like this is madness and I
don't know anything about anything
related to software and so I was like
I'm gonna fix these problems I went down
to the call Microsoft Access database we
got signature pads in mentally
biometrics and people can digitally sign
and print labels and automated the
process and then one day songs like I
wanna pay you to do this I was like ok
and I did when I was a program at the
time and then the App Store came out
with with Apple iOS and I saw people
making million dollars left and right
here and there's the App Store gold rush
and this is really cool and so I kind of
a four-year plan development of myself
sort of releasing apps one after the
other
ordered really trashy apps better and
better and then plots people start to
want to pay me to do that as well I
started my own consulting company where
we would build mobile apps for clients
and they pay a lot of money and I am on
the App Store helping out and did that
for a few years before I realized
Consulting is incredibly stressful
more more money to deal with the more
stress liability you have and it just
wasn't for me so I took a break I was
like I just want to focus on me and my
business but I need some reputation so I
decided to go work get a big title under
my belt and so I was choosing between
call of duty
Nickelodeon and Disney interview those
companies and I chose call of duty and
worked there for a year
got that done and over with got out of
that the corporate corporate trenches of
Activision game development is not as
cool as you think it is everybody and
then started just doing here in their
got connected to a coating boot camp and
that's what led me here ok so questions
from the years I asked him about that
actually because he left it was
successful with with these applications
building and building them or himself
and he didn't realize it like he just
said he right now
lapses not quite as glamorous life as
you might think that it's gonna be and
was in a way where you wanted to be
spending his time in distress so back to
a point that market made here was
working in these camps and teaching
people in realizing that this is an
important point that's gonna play into
some of the things that market is going
to be talking to you so tell the people
about some of the things that she learns
you realize that you could that you were
good teaching and you could teach people
like little bit more detail about what
that experience has given you that's
helped you actually be the way you teach
directly translates to yourselves in the
end and here's the key what I learned is
you teach for understanding you know
that what's that phrase nobody cares how
much you know until they know how much
you care when you really care about your
students and want to teach them that's
what matters
there's actually lots of you to me
courses that I previewed or so it's like
I'm really smart
I'm going to teach what I know you don't
even caring about the student or what
what their end game isn't so I was
looking at these students and I was
actually had a chance to change their
lives and it was by focusing on the
things that matter most to them so
there's like for instance there's other
iOS courses that teach different
concepts Nick cover things like five
minutes at a time but I knew my students
needed something richer and grandeur
because I learned that in real life
teaching people want to get jobs they
want to make money they want to know how
well your teachers gonna benefit their
life so if you just teaching because you
know something it doesn't necessarily
translate to helping students that's the
most important thing I learned from the
coding boot camps which I directly
injected that knowledge and experience
into my courses absolutely so mean I
hope all of you
her dad and marked it kind of summarizes
a nice way that nobody cares about you
know until they know that you care about
the mindset that Mark has he's producing
his horses your next day just answered a
question that somebody else about
whether the classes are profitable
martin get back to that he'll tell you
that it is but something to keep in mind
is thinking about here
students he's showing them that he cares
so it's not all just about like what's
the way that I can squeeze the most
money so in terms of showing people that
you do when we talked earlier you did
mention things about like thought
leadership and community building and
connecting on an emotional personal
level so that all ties in with talk to
people a little bit about those ideas
well first I really do care every time I
get a personal message on you to me
from a student I answer it usually in
less than six hours as you see within
two hours or less I have an online chat
room and I interact every single day
with my students so for instance this
chatroom have a mobile app for it as
well and so if I'm at a grocery store
mcdonnell's my kids they're playing well
I could not have my phone and doing
nothing or interact with my students and
things like that so I make it a big
priority that they know me and I spent a
lot of time a lot of time person with
them they'll send a link to their
projects a look at their code it doesn't
take long at five minutes or less a look
at their code and and just goes a long
way are sometimes students just need
direction you don't have to spend a lot
of time so they'll say how do I do this
and I'll just give me a link
a link to something I found on the
internet and have used before and it's
as simple as that so I interact my
students in a very personal personal
matter and it's well if you guys like my
course I was nine from beginner to pay
professional it's almost 4,500 students
in over 300 reviews and just sometimes
the students to feel connected and I'm
happy to help them so I spent a lot of
time I think that I spend most of my
time doing interacting students